after two weeks of talking about it on
Saturday I was in Houston to play Texas
senator Ted Cruz and what we called the
blobfish basketball classic and just
like a blobfish the game was ugly sloppy
and within moments we were gasping for
air we played one on one it took almost
an a hard to get to six points which
would be a lot of this is a World Cup
soccer game but it was on when we agreed
to play to 11 I didn't realize that
meant 11 o'clock
you really want we edited this because
it went on forever you won't be able to
tell the game was very rough there were
nothing but fouls the whole game long I
have bruises all over my body he kept
poking me with his hose
game went on so long by the time it was
over jay-z and Beyonce had written and
produced an entire new album to play
basketball one day against the least
popular member of the US Senate and that
dream finally came true this weekend
here it is my on court interview with
Ted Cruz aka the blobfish basketball
classic
[Applause]
over 6,000 fans in attendance for this
game between senator Ted Cruz Jimmy
Kimmel illogical inches I'd say it
Thomas one of the 50 greatest players of
all time and welcome to Texas Southern
University let's go to Guillermo in the
locker room when when that N and now
time of you life you started looking
like a blobfish say you and Jimmy are a
little bit obsessed with this fish thing
I don't know why Fisher on your brain so
much but you know I'd knock sofa okay
good eyes from the great state of Texas
by away
like 5 feet 11 245 pounds
the senator formerly known as
[Applause]
[Music]
Challenger
[Applause]
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen our referee Bob
Delaney the blobfish basketball classic
rules the game goes to 15 points and you
must win by two points no shot clock no
timeouts the loser will donate $5,000 to
the winners charity
[Applause]
Jimmy is playing for Texas Children's
Hospital
for full let me have a look at that coin
it's got a head in a tail just like you
senator there you go
hence edges the cool heads it is icy
breakdown
and partly Kindle I win this game did
you spend more time this week practicing
basketball than trying to get those kids
out of that Detention Center
Kiki's gonna wear to send her down with
the stamina oh the glass it is that
clothes off the triple well you know
he's gone gone right here's just the
other way
kisses on rebound at the fastest using
his body try to be physical
[Applause]
[Music]
let's watch that again it's no motion
take crew saying that no files at this
game something what's the these physical
the chippy kipper gonna make a rule
change whenever you have a change of
possession
just bring it past the ribs or something
mercy on this right now see this is a
good lesson for you and those kids in
that detention center
what about all the kids Obama detain
yeah if they're worried you should have
done something about that too
unfortunately all that talk can't get
Jimmy Kimmel a bucket he needs a bucket
get one fall
[Applause]
[Music]
kill all day
[Applause]
he finds the rim first please add some
right
war of attrition Jimmy Kimmel
[Applause]
let's get loose we should have played to
11 true we should have played before
[Applause]
fried chicken is sneaky he's got this
sneaky under here right in Leia
hey Liam
[Applause]
we're gonna take a timeout I hope you
don't have an early flight to bed
okay
Jimmy's royal forces
[Music]
Hillary Bernie I voted for Hillary how'd
that work out
you're right it worked out terribly I
mean nothing has ever worked out worse
than that worked out but I'm glad to see
you forgiving Donald Trump for all the
horrible things you said about your
family
[Applause]
I commend Ted on putting business first
and his balls on a shelf somewhere
making fog in the air professional
Canadian in eight years did you ever
tell a joke about Obama yes lots of them
well I even roasted him to his face at
the cars he gives you tell you this
Hollywood would do better if they
actually listened to the millions
Americans who were unhappy
[Applause]
just so you know they're not booing
they're saying true
oh no their boy actually
good gets his own rebound
Ted Cruz three plates away your morale
Hemington they'll go to eight we play in
[Applause]
I'll give you that shot right there yeah
if you miss it
yeah ABC has to put Roseanne back on air
[Applause]
we're level
five five our schools wait still yes
[Laughter]
shorten it to 11:30 yes five done ten
and I have made a compromise in the
spirit of bipartisanship and life and
life we're going to shorten the game to
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
who's harder to defend me or Trump
all right so Judy Kim has started to get
warm he was down early but he start
hitting that jump shot I'm just appalled
that the way that they've showed up at
this game just totally out of
welcome to the second half of the
blobfish
[Applause]
all right so here we go
to start the second half this game now
- gonna be a long time before we get to
[Applause]
getting
what's going on here did you learn this
grabbing this from Trump
have you ever talked politics on the
court during the game every 30 seconds
listen I appreciate it but if you keep
touching me like this
[Applause]
nobody's gonna make you a wedding cake
get on I'm saying the most said
trash-talking is gonna be part of this
game Justin said if we try to talk him
out of his game
[Music]
right
you go right I'll go right because I
know we both need a breather may I ask
you a question
hold off
is a serious question why when most of
the Republicans in the Senate support
coverage for pre-existing conditions
don't you
Jimmy listen the fax matters everyone
agrees there there will and should be
coverage for pre-existing condition the
difference is Obamacare did millions of
people had their health insurance
canceled and premiums have skyrocketed
let me ask you you you brought a lot of
Democrats here let me ask you how many
of your premiums went up versus down
almost everyone's premiums went up and
so people who are hurting can't afford
health insurance look everyone's going
to have emergency coverage everyone
agrees that those with pre-existing
conditions will get covered the question
is what usually and djaq everyone else's
rates up yes or do you let everyone hear
their rates go down and you know Jimmy
millions of people would have been angry
at Obamacare if it hadn't made the
average family's premiums go up five
thousand dollars a year those are facts
give me facts matter I stole it out of
their president by the way it's called
comedy it's not the White House but we
need to get people lower premiums
what's the score seven seven all right
we're tied at 7 I figured this is the
closest we're gonna get to a town hall
so you know
[Applause]
yeah
seal the victory
and I don't think Jimmy Kimmel has any
gas pervading
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
there's no creativity kill babies
tonight who's hot I smell a comeback so
here we go
this game goes to 11
[Applause]
gets the rebound
very good this
Santa Cruz wins the game and the votes
are in and the MVP of the blobfish
basketball classic is Jimmy Kimmel
[Applause]
14100 $11 in minimum
we raise twenty five thousand two
hundred four dollars for Texas
Children's Hospital
$10,000 a generation one
the Texas Children's Hospital
ten grand to both charities as well
you're a good sport I'd still think
you're a terrible senator thanks for the
game kids you got to see your daddy win
something Houston Texas Gus Johnson
since so long
we leave more than $80,000 for
Generation wanted Texas Children's
Hospital play basketball against them
you can throw it against imagine me I
promise I make one promise I will never
ever play basketball again if you liked
that video click the subscribe button
but only if you're ready for commitment